Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.
Red is greener than purple, for sure.
A glittering gem is not enough.
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.
I’m a living furnace.
The river stole the gods.
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.
Pink horses galloped across the sea.
Getting up at dawn is for the birds.
He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
They wandered into a strange Tiki bar on the edge of the small beach town.
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.
The tree fell unexpectedly short.
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.
Three generations with six decades of life experience.
He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.
If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas.
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.
His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights.
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.
Combines are no longer just for farms.
He found rain fascinating yet unpleasant.
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.
He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes.
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.
Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.
Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.
They were excited to see their first sloth.
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.
Two more days and all his problems would be solved.
English Nature routinely removes ragwort from parts of National Nature Reserves we manage where the welfare of grazing animals would be at risk.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
He shaved the peach to prove a point.
He didn't heed the warning and it had turned out surprisingly well.
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.
You bite up because of your lower jaw.
It's a skateboarding penguin with a sunhat!
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.
People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink".
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
Watching the geriatric men’s softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.
You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck.
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.
As he entered the church he could hear the soft voice of someone whispering into a cell phone.
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.
Mary plays the piano.
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
A dead duck doesn't fly backward.
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.
I’m working on a sweet potato farm.
She saw no irony asking me to change but wanting me to accept her for who she is.
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.
The external scars tell only part of the story.
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.
He drank life before spitting it out.
Art doesn't have to be intentional.
There have been days when I wished to be separated from my body, but today wasn’t one of those days.